README.md, before:

opscode-bifrost cookbook
======================

This cookbook installs and configures [oc_bifrost](https://github.com/opscode/oc_bifrost), the authorization API for Opscode services.

Requirements
============

* [erlang_binary][] - Opscode's internal cookbook for installing an Erlang
  VM, as well as [rebar][], the Erlang build tool.
* [opscode-postgresql][] - Opscode's wrapper around the community
  [postgresql][] cookbook.  Defines common configuration and
  filesystem layout options for our infrastructure.
* [perl][] - for installing / running [pg_prove][]
* [git][] - for retrieving `oc_bifrost` and [pgTAP][] source code
* [python][] - for building [pgxnclient][], to install [pgTAP][]

Usage
=====

Attributes
==========

* `node['oc_bifrost']['user']` - The owner of the `oc_bifrost` server process
* `node['oc_bifrost']['group']` - The group of the `oc_bifrost` server process
* `node['oc_bifrost']['revision']` - The Git branch / tag / SHA1 of
  the source code to fetch.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['name']` - The name of the
  database.  Defaults to `bifrost`.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['users']['owner']['name']` - The
  PostgreSQL user that owns the database.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['users']['owner']['password']` -
  The password for the database owner.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['users']['read_only']['name']` -
  A PostgreSQL database user with read-only permissions on the
  database.  Good for use by service engineers and on-call engineers
  that need to safely explore and debug the database.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['users']['read_only']['password']`
  - The password for the read-only database user.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['console_log_size']` -
  The maximum size (in bytes) that each console.log file can reach
  before being rotated.  This is where each request (whose HTTP
  response status is less than 500) is logged, so larger is better.
  Defaults to 400MB.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['console_log_count']` -
  The number of rotated `console.log` files to keep.  Defaults to 5.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['error_log_size']` -
  The maximum size (in bytes) that each error.log file can reach
  before being rotated.  This is where each request (whose HTTP
  response status is 500 or greater) is logged.
  Defaults to 20MB.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['error_log_size']` -
  The number of rotated `error.log` files to keep.  Defaults to 5.

Recipes
=======

* `common_directories` - Creates a common directory for source
  checkouts.  Could be extracted to a common platform-wide cookbook.
* `database` - Installs and configures a PostgreSQL server.  Creates
  database user accounts, the `bifrost` database, and migrates the
  database schema.
* `database_test` - In addition to everything that `database` does,
  installs [pgTAP][] and [pg_prove][] and prepares the database for
  running tests.
* `default` - Installs Erlang and rebar, fetches the `oc_bifrost` code,
  and installs the database.
* `development` - Development mode.  Use this recipe when hacking on
  `oc_bifrost` locally via Vagrant.  Takes source code and schema from
  the `/vagrant` directory instead of fetching from Github.
* `fetch_code` - Grab the `oc_bifrost` code from Github __if not in
  development mode__.
* `pg_prove` - Install [pg_prove][].  Will eventually be added to the
  [postgresql][] cookbook.
* `pgtap` - Install [pgTAP][].  Will eventually be added to the
  [postgresql][] cookbook.

# Author

- Author:: Christopher Maier (<cm@opscode.com>)


[erlang_binary]:https://github.com/opscode/opscode-platform-cookbooks/tree/rs-prod/cookbooks/erlang_binary
[rebar]:https://github.com/basho/rebar
[opscode-postgresql]:https://github.com/opscode/opscode-platform-cookbooks/tree/rs-prod/cookbooks/opscode-postgresql
[postgresql]:https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/postgresql
[perl]:https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/perl
[pg_prove]:http://search.cpan.org/~dwheeler/TAP-Parser-SourceHandler-pgTAP-3.29/bin/pg_prove
[git]:https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/git
[python]:https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/python
[pgxnclient]:http://pgxnclient.projects.pgfoundry.org
[pgTAP]:http://pgtap.org

Commit message:

Update log rotation attribute documentation

README.md, after:

opscode-bifrost cookbook
======================

This cookbook installs and configures [oc_bifrost](https://github.com/opscode/oc_bifrost), the authorization API for Opscode services.

Requirements
============

* [erlang_binary][] - Opscode's internal cookbook for installing an Erlang
  VM, as well as [rebar][], the Erlang build tool.
* [opscode-postgresql][] - Opscode's wrapper around the community
  [postgresql][] cookbook.  Defines common configuration and
  filesystem layout options for our infrastructure.
* [perl][] - for installing / running [pg_prove][]
* [git][] - for retrieving `oc_bifrost` and [pgTAP][] source code
* [python][] - for building [pgxnclient][], to install [pgTAP][]

Usage
=====

Attributes
==========

* `node['oc_bifrost']['user']` - The owner of the `oc_bifrost` server process
* `node['oc_bifrost']['group']` - The group of the `oc_bifrost` server process
* `node['oc_bifrost']['revision']` - The Git branch / tag / SHA1 of
  the source code to fetch.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['name']` - The name of the
  database.  Defaults to `bifrost`.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['users']['owner']['name']` - The
  PostgreSQL user that owns the database.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['users']['owner']['password']` -
  The password for the database owner.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['users']['read_only']['name']` -
  A PostgreSQL database user with read-only permissions on the
  database.  Good for use by service engineers and on-call engineers
  that need to safely explore and debug the database.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['database']['users']['read_only']['password']`
  - The password for the read-only database user.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['console_log_size']` -
  The target size beyond which the console.log file will be targeted for
  rotation.  This is where each request (whose HTTP response status is
  less than 500) is logged, so larger is better.  Defaults to 400 MB.
  Acceptable values can be anything that logrotate accepts (e.g.,
  1024, 1k, 1M, 1G).
* `node['oc_bifrost']['console_log_count']` -
  The number of rotated `console.log` files to keep.  Defaults to 5.
* `node['oc_bifrost']['error_log_size']` -
  The target size beyond which the error.log file will be targeted for
  rotation.  This is where each request (whose HTTP response status is
  500 or greater) is logged.  Defaults to 20 MB. Acceptable values can
  be anything that logrotate accepts (e.g., 1024, 1k, 1M, 1G)
* `node['oc_bifrost']['error_log_size']` -
  The number of rotated `error.log` files to keep.  Defaults to 5.

Note that it is possible that the actual size of a log file may exceed
the specified log size.  This is because logrotate is not a daemon,
and thus must be run periodically by cron.  We run logrotate hourly,
though, so a log file will not accumulate more than an additional
hours-worthl logging statements before being rotated.  Keep this fact
as well as the expected load of the system in mind when setting log
rotation policy.

Recipes
=======

* `common_directories` - Creates a common directory for source
  checkouts.  Could be extracted to a common platform-wide cookbook.
* `database` - Installs and configures a PostgreSQL server.  Creates
  database user accounts, the `bifrost` database, and migrates the
  database schema.
* `database_test` - In addition to everything that `database` does,
  installs [pgTAP][] and [pg_prove][] and prepares the database for
  running tests.
* `default` - Installs Erlang and rebar, fetches the `oc_bifrost` code,
  and installs the database.
* `development` - Development mode.  Use this recipe when hacking on
  `oc_bifrost` locally via Vagrant.  Takes source code and schema from
  the `/vagrant` directory instead of fetching from Github.
* `fetch_code` - Grab the `oc_bifrost` code from Github __if not in
  development mode__.
* `pg_prove` - Install [pg_prove][].  Will eventually be added to the
  [postgresql][] cookbook.
* `pgtap` - Install [pgTAP][].  Will eventually be added to the
  [postgresql][] cookbook.

# Author

- Author:: Christopher Maier (<cm@opscode.com>)


[erlang_binary]:https://github.com/opscode/opscode-platform-cookbooks/tree/rs-prod/cookbooks/erlang_binary
[rebar]:https://github.com/basho/rebar
[opscode-postgresql]:https://github.com/opscode/opscode-platform-cookbooks/tree/rs-prod/cookbooks/opscode-postgresql
[postgresql]:https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/postgresql
[perl]:https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/perl
[pg_prove]:http://search.cpan.org/~dwheeler/TAP-Parser-SourceHandler-pgTAP-3.29/bin/pg_prove
[git]:https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/git
[python]:https://github.com/opscode-cookbooks/python
[pgxnclient]:http://pgxnclient.projects.pgfoundry.org
[pgTAP]:http://pgtap.org
